Update architecture documentation (#627)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/development/architecture/file-structure/_index.md

- `/config`: configuration files for database, parameters, services, etc.
- `/logs`: execution logs
- `/Resources`: different resources for the software, most notably the `/translations` subdirectory which contains translation resources for all the installed languages.
- `/test`: reserved

This directory also includes the `AppKernel.php` file, which configures the Symfony application.

### /bin

Contains executable binaries installed by the framework, such as the Symfony console.

### /cache

Contains temporary cache files. No longer used by PrestaShop but kept for backwards compatibility.

### /classes
 
Contains all the legacy classes, including:
 
- Object models 
- Utility classes (like `Db`, `Helper`, `Tools`...)
- Base controlllers (like `FrontController`, `AdminController`...)

### /config

Contains bootstrapping and configuration files. Unless asked, you should *never* edit them, as they are directly handled by PrestaShop's installer and back office.

### /controllers

Contains controllers – as in Model-View-Controller (or MVC), the software architecture used by PrestaShop. Each file controls a specific part of PrestaShop.

Controllers are separated in two directories:

> - `/admin`: contains legacy controllers for the Back Office

Reviewer: Maybe we should provide a link to a page where we define what is the meaning of "legacy" ? Newcomers at PrestaShop may not understand it

Author: Legacy is explained in the introduction: https://github.com/PrestaShop/docs/blob/a87373a4f92b4cb6ab9545baf75e4a86dd1ed13d/src/content/1.7/development/architecture/introduction.md#L74-L79

{{% notice note %}}
For security reasons, you will be required to delete this directory after installation.
{{% /notice %}}

### /js

Contains JavaScript files that are not attached to themes. Most of them belong to the back office. 

This is also where you will find the jQuery framework.

### /localization

Contains all of PrestaShop's localization packs — that is, files that contain local information such as default currencies and languages, tax rules and tax rule groups, states and measurement units in use in each country.

The [CLDR database](http://cldr.unicode.org/) is also located in this directory.

### /mails

Contains all HTML and text templates for e-mails sent by PrestaShop. Each language has its specific folder, where you can manually edit their content if you wish. PrestaShop contains a tool to edit your e-mails, located in the back office, in the Localization &gt; Translation page.

Since {{< minver v="1.7.6" >}} this directory also contains [Mail themes]({{< ref "/1.7/development/components/mail-templates/_index.md" >}}).

### /modules

Contains all of PrestaShop's modules, each in its own folder. 

{{% notice tip %}}

> If you wish to definitely remove a module, first uninstall it from the back office.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to definitely remove a module, it is better to trigger the uninstall process from the back office before deleting the module folder
```

Author: If I'm not mistaken when you uninstall a module from the back office you're given the option to keep or to remove the module's files.

```suggestion
If you wish to definitely remove a module, it is better to uninstall it from the back office.
```

Wdyt?
